Update Cube.js-Introduction.md (#4177)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Cube.js-Introduction.md

**Cube is the headless business intelligence platform.** It helps data engineers and application developers access data from modern data stores, organize it into consistent definitions, and deliver it to every application.

> Cube was designed to work with all SQL-enabled data sources, including cloud data warehouses like Snowflake or Google BigQuery, query engines like Presto or Amazon Athena, and application databases like Postgres. Cube has a built-in relational caching engine to provide sub-second latency and high concurrency for API requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cube was designed to work with all SQL-enabled data sources, including cloud data warehouses like Snowflake or Google BigQuery, query engines like Presto or Amazon Athena, and application databases like Postgres. Cube has a built-in caching engine to provide sub-second latency and high concurrency for API requests.
```

> With Cube, you can create a data model, manage access control and caching, and expose your data to every application via REST, GraphQL and SQL interfaces. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Cube, you can build a data model, manage access control and caching, and expose your data to every application via REST, GraphQL, and SQL APIs. 
```

## Architecture

> **Cube acts as a data access layer**, translating metrics into SQL, managing caching, queuing and database connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cube acts as a data access layer**, translating API requests into SQL, managing caching, queuing, and database connection.
```

> The Cube accepts queries via REST, GraphQL or SQL interfaces. Based on the data model and incoming query, Cube generates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cube accepts queries via REST, GraphQL or SQL interfaces. Based on the data model and an incoming query, Cube generates
```

> SQL query and executes it in your database. The server manages query generation, database connections, as well as caching and access control layers. The result is then sent back to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a SQL query and executes it in your database. Cube fully manages query orchestration, database connections, as well as caching and access control layers. The result is then sent back to the client.
```
